In this manner, the ledger is spread out,
placed one centimetre towards the
building side, and secured from behind.
Fold the profit-sharing
shares to 1.5 centimetres.
Fold the corners diagonally
to form right angles.
For self-fastening, bring the needle to
the front and close the
centre of the collar width.
Combining the central and collar areas of
the collar stand from the
self-operated business.
2MM: Make a profit and place the pins.
4cm: Pin flat.
Within eight centimetres, loosening the
household budget like this
and waiting with pins.
Then pin it flat.
Household profit shares
are pinned at the fold.
Securely fasten the collar, then
wrap it in the accounting department.
Fold the back collar width
to match the JB width.
Pin the hem allowance.
Turn over the household
accounts and lower them.
Tuck in the seam allowance at the collar.
Sew the 5mm seam allowance of
the collar all the way round.
Remove the pins from the household budget.
Flatten the back of the household
account book and secure it with a pin.
How to manage the household
finances on the surface.
From the 5 millimetres of the next collar.
Insert the needle at the midpoint
of the collar's fold angle.
Scoop the collar edge shallowly and return
it to the corner of the stand-up collar.
With 5-millimetre spacing
between the stitches.
Place the 2mm seam allowance of the
undercollar and the
facing collar together.
At the end of the stroke, as with 1, carve
the character at the entry point, carve
the angle, sharpen the
edge, and extend the needle.
Backstitch from 2 stitches to 3 stitches.
Secure the ball.
Pull it in and cut the thread.
How does one approach the
back-end of accounting?
1. Fold the collar and fold the mountain 2
millimetres inwards, then stitch securely.